believe it or not I don't think the
mainstream media is telling you the
truth well that's why you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to look at what's
going on with jobs with the economy I'm
going to show you the charts I'm going
to show you the details and we don't
have time to waste so let's begin by
taking a look right here the most in
demand jobs of the next decade
occupations with the highest projected
change in employment in the US between
32 and so looking at this over the next
period of time home health and personal
care age of course aging population this
is very clear the pharmaceutical
industry will be the ones that will be
providing more and more of the things
that they do in order to provide a
profit to their
shareholders software developers is
definitely up on that list but what we
have been told from Sam Alman from
others that are in this industry and
also leather jacket man from Nvidia has
been that in a longer term scenario
actually it will reverse because the AI
is going to be doing it much better than
a human can this is incredible a huge
change and now what I'm starting to
realize and starting to dig into is the
soft skills are going to become even
more important because no matter how
well they can program these computers
the AI and so on is it going to have the
soft skills and interpersonal skills of
you the really really strong like
somebody who's really strong at that so
keep that in mind let's look here
restaurant Cooks I think that could
easily be automated but anyway that's
what the Bureau of Labor Statistics is
telling us I wanted to mention this
though you're looking at where energy is
and there's a lot of jobs surrounding
that right just look you could see oil
the projection over the next little
while yeah we're probably going to be
around the same not too much more but
it's not going away what is going away
though is coal we know that to be the
case and so I wouldn't be you know
trying to get a job in the coal industry
uh and you could see what that's being
replaced by is wind and solar doesn't
matter if you agree with it or not I
mean that is the direction nuclear is
there uh as well I think I need to point
that out so when we talk about the jobs
keep that in mind okay job stats are
simply a mirage in Canadian growth why
though like what is this all about well
what they say here if you're interested
in reading it it said look hey well we
created 90,000 jobs right wow that that
must be great right well the truth is
and they talk about this here if you
want to read it
those jobs primarily are government jobs
so the government is overwhelmingly
providing all these new jobs how do
those people get paid the taxpayer the
more government workers you have the
more the taxpayer will have to pay and
they could do that through property
taxes they could do it through sales
taxes they could do it through carbon
taxes they could do you know what's H
what happens here is you
find one area will have really low
property taxes or really high property
taxes but then they have no sales taxes
or they have higher sales taxes in the
end they get their money they get their
pound of Flesh entrepreneurs already
leaving Canada due to the capital gains
hike this of course is happening not
only will people leave but they are
taking their wealth with them they're
taking the jobs with them and in the new
world where we have artificial
intelligence where we have these
robotics we know the direction it's
heading I think it's got a longer way to
go than what leather jacket man suggests
but I think it's important to
understand that this here is going to
become something that you know it it
makes waves okay you're going to go you
no longer do you need to be in one place
for a lot of people they do not need
that it's going to become more and more
prevalent Canada has become roadkill in
the global economic uh competition that
is pretty clear there's somebody there
don't look at her Okay She's Mine uh
but just look at it look at what's
happening it's sad to see this for
Canada but you can sort of extrapolate
that into different
countries um looking at it they they
talk about this how how it's not
competitive anymore okay so you can go
to place like Mexico and obviously get a
lot you know cheaper labor they're
manufacturing much more stuff than
Canada ever is you're looking at a more
robust economy in in some ways and so
what for the United States perspective
you know whether it's the country from
the south it's country to the north
Canada is not providing all of the
resources that it has it's so resourcer
they're not providing that and so as
this happens they are more and more
burdened and so you could see higher and
higher taxation as a result of this
they're doing the same thing that the
United States is doing and in fact if
everybody was freaking out during 2020
oh my goodness you pumped in so much
cash in the in the US how can you do
this well believe it or not Canada per
capita pumped in even more cash if
that's even possible all right look at
this data reveals Rising economic
distress Across America despite the
growth so I'm going to show you this
here it's it's a little laggy on this
page I think it's a very very uh there's
a lot of detail uh so links will be in
the description under uh the sources
area you could see it distressed is is
this darker red area
and then as we go lighter into the green
colors it's more prosperous there's a
lot of red you see that I mean that is
wild when you really look at that and so
you you got to do this for yourself and
you can you know just basically go
through it
but you know the economic Innovation
group EIG measures levels of distress
and prosperity across the US
roughly 52 million Americans live in a
distressed zip cod as of 2021 up from 50
million in 2017 so obviously it's
getting worse uh like I said you kind of
have to do this on your own computer
it's probably going to look um a little
bit off on here but just seeing some
examples the conditions are worsening
the jobs are not getting better and more
abundant in some cases unless of course
you want to make a minimum wage and a
lot of people they're saying what's the
point fed's favorite underlying
inflation gauge is seen cooling core PC
measures could see the smallest advance
of 2024 so far Euro on inflation May
pick up but the ECB remains poised to
cut what's going on here is that they're
able to lie to us right to our face
whether we are in Canada the United
States or in Europe all across the board
they tell people that everything is okay
and of course it isn't we know that
David Stockman on the continual rise in
the cost of living and why the FED has
no shame you could see it here I mean
there's some
charts I'll show you in a second a
little further down changing the core
cost of living components since January
2017 food up 32% shelter up 34% energy
35 Transportation 36 and that isn't even
the real measurements that's like their
own measurements
so has your salary increased by that
much I mean I've seen many more examples
where the food has actually gone up 100%
since
2019 depends on what stats you want to
use but look at it I mean it's crazy to
see how bad the average person is
getting punished Walmart at Home Depot
and Louis Vuitton earnings highlight the
consumer spending shifts that have been
happening of course roughly 70% of the
you of the economy is driven by consumer
spending so as soon as that is impacted
you have jobs that are
lost consumers are shifting from
discretionary products to Essentials
Walmart is the world's largest retailer
and a good barometer of overall economic
health and while they were saying hey we
we did well on our earnings we're seeing
higher engagement across income cohort
cor cohorts with upper income households
continuing to account for the majority
of the share gains so what does that
tell you what does that tell you about
what's going on Walmart is known to
attract value-driven price conscious
consumers and noted a shift in the types
of products that they're buying many
consumer pocket books are still
stretched and we see the effect of that
in our business mix as they're spending
more of their paychecks on
non-discretionary categories and less on
General Merchandise you see
this is a very different scenario when
you got the $15 Big
Max I think people are starting to get
to the point at which by the way I don't
think they're learning their lesson
they're getting Financial education and
all that not at all I just think they
just can't afford it they'll spend every
dime right if they can they'll spend
every dime but unfortunately they can't
okay so this is another one if you want
to put the the link I got the link in
the description but basically you can
just put your mous around and actually
see how much they cost in different
parts Seattle my goodness
$14.7 for a McDonald's burger it's a
little ridiculous I do think so what we
do as individuals we have to do what we
can in terms of our jobs can we upskill
I just read a stat today that if you
start learning AI stuff that could mean
in your position or in your company a
25% uh salary difference how do you do
that class Central I have no affiliation
I I've created a video about it before
it's companies I should say companies
that is funny but it's the colleges you
know the stanfords and all that they
created courses they put them up on
class Central for you to take totally
free class Central that's one way to do
it I've got playlists on my YouTube
channel with all kinds of information
just like that if you appreciated this
simply hit that Thumbs Up Button new
setup this is the way it's going to be
going forward I'll figure it out I'll
tweak it and so on this is old school
all right um and um basically this is
the way it's got to be from now on as I
uh downsize and simplify and I want to
thank you for being here if you want
more information the link is in the
description and I'll I'll see you
tomorrow take care